Handle messaging around model treatment of missingness (#774)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- Optimised convolution code to take into account the relative length of the vectors being convolved. See #745 by @seabbs and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- Switch to broadcasting the day of the week effect. By @seabbs in #746 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- A warning is now thrown if nonparametric PMFs passed to delay options have consecutive tail values that are below a certain low threshold as these lead to loss in speed with little gain in accuracy. By @jamesmbaazam in #752 and reviewed by @seabbs.

> - `obs_opts()` now informs users about how NA observations are treated to help them decide on existing alternatives. By @jamesmbaazam in #774 and reviewed by @sbfnk. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Users are now informed that `NA` observations will be treated as missing instead of zero when using the default `obs_opts()`. Options to treat `NA` as zeros or accumulate them are also provided. By @jamesmbaazam in #774 and reviewed by @sbfnk.
```

> - `obs_opts()` now informs users about how NA observations are treated to help them decide on existing alternatives. By @jamesmbaazam in # and reviewed by <REVIEWER>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `obs_opts()` now informs users about how NA observations are treated to help them decide on existing alternatives. By @jamesmbaazam in #774 and reviewed by @sbfnk. 
```
